Revise proposal and voting process documentation (#22)
houseofstake/houseofstake.org: docs/governance-system/proposal-and-voting-process.md

# Proposal & Voting Process

1. Draft proposal submitted to [NEAR Governance Forum](https://gov.near.org/). Seven day "feedback period" period begins.
2. Community can begin discussing, commenting on, and requesting changes to draft on the forum.

Note that the following steps can happen immediately after the first step, and don't need to wait until the end of the feedback period.

> 3. Draft proposal submitted to [proposals repository](https://github.com/houseofstake/proposals) as a PR that creates a new HSP in markdown format. See [sample PR](https://github.com/houseofstake/proposals/pull/16). PR target filename should be `HSPs/hsp-xxx.md` in the initial PR, as a HSP number has not yet been assigned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Draft proposal submitted to [proposals repository](https://github.com/houseofstake/proposals) as a PR that creates a new HSP in markdown format. See [sample PR](https://github.com/houseofstake/proposals/pull/18). PR target filename should be `HSPs/hsp-xxx.md` in the initial PR, as a HSP number has not yet been assigned. Here's a direct link to create a new file in the correct folder: https://github.com/houseofstake/proposals/new/main/HSPs
```

> 4. HSP editor reviews proposal draft and make sure it conforms to the spec: correct format, complete (contains all required sections), and is within the scope of the HSP process/House of Stake governance. HSP editor communicates with author if changes are required.

Reviewer 2: Simply, Screening Committee member?

Reviewer 3: > To be clear, the two roles are quite distinct and the demands are distinct. The HSP editor needs to be someone who's extremely conscientious, and who just reviews proposals for formatting, completeness, consistency, etc. The HSP editor is not expressing an opinion on the content of the proposal. By contrast, the screening committee should block/refuse to approve proposals on the grounds that they disagree with the content.

Agreed!

> 5. Once HSP conforms to the spec, an HSP editor officially assigns it a HSP ID number, assigns it the "Draft" status, and merges it. At this point, the proposal is a canonical HSP and is eligible for voting (once the feedback period ends).

Reviewer: To keep status transitions really clear, I suggest that this action, which corresponds with when the proposal gets its HSP number, should also trigger the transition from Draft to Review, as it means the proposal is correctly formatted and complete.

> 6. Any author can set the HSP status to "Review", "Last Call", or "Voting." It's suggested, but not required, that this process continue for at least two weeks before the "Voting" status is assigned. HSP editors should promptly merge such changes.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this line for a few reasons:

1. We've already said this is part of the "7 day feedback period" so it's confusing to have a suggestion for a 2+ week process within that
2. As discussed, there's no clear distinction between "Review" and "Last Call" so we can drop "Last Call"
3. I believe it would be clearer if the transition to "Voting" corresponds to when the Screening Committee approves the proposal to go to vote. That way, it would be a Screening Committee member or HSP editor who would edit the status to "Voting" and that would correspond to when people can actually start voting on it.

8. Screening Committee reviews the draft proposal. They may or may not choose to approve it for voting. (Note: In HoS v1, Screening Committee approval is required before a vote. In v2, the Screening Committee can instead fast track a proposal, but cannot block a vote.)
9. If approved for a vote, the 14 day voting period begins. Any voter who had voting power (their own, or delegated, veNEAR) _before the start of the vote_ can now vote on the proposal.
10. Voting concludes. HSP status on Github updated to "Final" or "Rejected" depending on vote outcome. For "Sensing" proposals, no further steps are required.
11. For "Decision" proposals, execution passes to House of Stake and the NEAR House of Stake Foundation, and moves beyond the scope of the proposal process.

## Notes

- A HSP author may, at any time, withdraw a proposal, changing its status on Github to "Withdrawn."
- A HSP editor may mark a HSP as "Stagnant" once it's been inactive for six months. "Stagnant" proposals are not eligible for a vote, but the author can ressurrect a "Stagnant" proposal by moving it back to "Draft" at any time.

> - Another party may pick up and choose to champion a proposal if the authors withdraw it, or if it becomes stagnant. In this case, they become the new Author.

Reviewer 2: It's simpler and less confusing not to introduce to reviving the proposal

> - By the same token, any proposal may be forked by anyone at any time, permissionlessly. Note that proposals are all released into the public domain via [CC0 License](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Reviewer: Make it clear that this would create a new proposal with a new HSP number
